get ready to have a cold back though yes
it's 12 spine-chilling discoveries made
by scientists well did you get it to get
the pun okay with each passing day
science continues to move forward it
keeps expanding the boundaries of human
capabilities to such an extent that it
seems like it's just a matter of time
until we see something we could have
imagined only in the boldest sci-fi flex
see it's pretty amazing right but don't
get too excited when it comes down to it
some of these things may seem quite
scary and even a bit unsettling so we
add bright side decided to find out
whether such astounding progress is good
and if this science of the future can
actually come back and bite us later did
you know that there's a strong chance of
a remote control for the body and brain
being invented boy this would have been
good when I was raising teenagers anyway
watch the video carefully for more
shocking details
counting down number twelve
transplantation of a human head Sergio
canavero a neurosurgeon from Italy is
planning to take on a divine endeavor
bringing people back from the dead
this Italian scientist is sure that
successful transplantation of a human
head is a fairly realistic possibility
kena Pharos very first patient will be
Chinese and the operation is expected to
be performed in 2018 the professor has
already given new life to a couple of
rats one dog in some monkeys however it
is still unclear how exactly the brain
reacts to such dramatic changes if kin
of Eros human experiment is successful
it won't change the science world as
much as it'll scare the public and
remind us all of that famous
Frankenstein novel or we'll find out if
two heads are better than one
number eleven selective amnesia would
you like to get rid of all your phobias
worries bad memories and fears well
lucky for you scientists are now ready
to do just that and rid your brain of
all the negative thoughts and flashbacks
without affecting the important parts of
your life's history all this can be done
by combining brain scanning technologies
and artificial intelligence this might
sound like excellent news but let's try
to look at it from a different
perspective
what if someone uses this little life
hack to mess around with someone else's
brain now it doesn't seem like such a
cool idea does it I guess with time
we'll see in which direction this new
technology will go number 10 water on
Mars in 2016
NASA made an exciting announcement there
are some tiny frozen seas on Mars in
fact scientists don't exclude the
likelihood that the water there may flow
underground and where there's water
there's the possibility of life right
well this discovery also invites
assumptions of the existence of some
alien civilization on top of that we
should probably ask ourselves one
question what if they moved in next door
and had loud parties no not that
question what would happen if Mars
started heating up and the water began
to sustain life all these possibilities
and potential consequences are both
terrifying and a bit fascinating at the
same time will most likely see what
happens next number nine a child from
three parents well this should be good
in 2016 a baby boy was born using a new
and innovative technique that
incorporates DNA from not two but three
people
this scientific sensation allowed the
baby's parents to conceive a perfectly
healthy newborn despite the fact that
the mother carries genes of lease
syndrome which is a fatal disorder that
affects the central nervous system but
surprisingly enough this is not the
first try genic experiment
there was one in the 1990s that
unfortunately didn't end well the
experiment failed and all the exclusive
children inherited some genetic defects
just a truly illustrative example of how
far science has come number 8
organs grown in a lab scientists at the
Ohio State University go Buckeyes have
spent nearly 15 weeks in the lab growing
a human brain the final product of this
serious lab work has the same
developmental level as a nine week old
fetus either way this brain can't think
properly well neither can i but it could
be just a matter of time as the
university's experiments still continue
and there is a question that needs to be
answered here how well with this lab
grown organ work I mean how many stops
and keyboards will it have oh wait
that's a different kind of organ
nevermind who knows maybe someday we'll
actually reach the point to where these
brains will be used for their direct
purposes what do you think about such
possibilities share your thoughts with
us in the comments below
number seven plastic diseases plastic
has quickly become the drug of the 21st
century we see it everywhere and don't
really consider any of the potential
repercussions of using it it can't be
that bad can it
trust us that's an ill-advised
assumption as it turns out we consume
loads of poisonous chemicals every day
without even realizing it
plastic drink containers and bottles can
lead to all sorts of health problems
among them are uterine cancer breast
cancer heart attack diabetes and that's
just a drop in the bucket of the whole
list of possible surprises you may end
up with so there is definitely something
to change and seriously think about in
any case forewarned is forearmed unless
of course you're an octopus then you're
eight armed sorry number six
nano robots inside people
nano robots the size of molecules sounds
like a thing from some awesome sci-fi
movie not quite in fact it was a huge
hit in the science world in 2015 these
teeny tiny BOTS can store and transport
remedies to sick and ailing parts in
your body amazingly enough these little
babies can also detect disease cells on
their own what a great invention right
but what if this technology fell into
the hands of the wrong person yeah we
may be a bit paranoid but still the
consequences wouldn't be that promising
it seems like there are two sides of
pretty much every huge scientific
development and step forward let's hope
that this idea will be put into practice
the right way number 5 there are 1
billion planets that look like the earth
two years ago NASA came to the
conclusion that there are nearly 1
billion planets that are similar to the
earth and we're talking about in our
galaxy alone
just imagine what could be outside of it
so basically what it means is that there
are billions of planets where
intelligent life could possibly live one
of these planets is kepler 452b
which scientists described as the most
earth-like planet that we know of out
there however it's really far away from
our own earth and that's why we don't
know that much about it still the
thought of a billion earths in just our
galaxy reinforces the already strong
feeling that we may not be the only ones
in this endless universe number 4 3d
bioprinter that can print human skin now
if you still can't get your head around
how exactly 3d printers can print houses
here's another fact that will shock you
even more Spanish scientists have
presented a prototype of a bio printer
that can print totally functional human
skin the skin can be used for
transplantation cosmetics testing and
really any type of medical
experimentation this is actually one of
the first functional human organs
created using bio printing technologies
it's a big leap forward but just imagine
somebody actually putting this pseudo
natural skin on the thought of this is
simply terrifying and pretty disturbing
yes progress is great but all of these
changes can be a bit scary sometimes
number three bacteria evolving faster
than we find cures for them and now for
some truly horrifying information even
though medicine continues to advance
forward as quickly as it can with all
its new and effective antibiotics and
vaccines it turns out that it isn't
moving fast enough unfortunately some
strains of bacteria are always a couple
of steps ahead of us take the influenza
virus as an example it mutates so fast
that last year's vaccine is totally
ineffective and kind of useless now in
spite of all the hard work that was put
into creating it even in the 21st
century with all its incredible and
mind-blowing discoveries there is still
an alarming possibility of dying from
the flu truly alarming number two you're
still with me okay number two mysterious
universe our universe is incredibly vast
and mysterious we've learned so much
about our universe over the past few
decades that it's surprising to find out
that we actually know only 4% of all
information about it for instance such
important things as dark matter and dark
energy are completely unexplored to this
day the only thing astronomers are sure
of is that all these dark parts are the
main causes for the expansion of the
universe as a matter of fact it will
continue to expand until it becomes cold
and desolate just like with anything
connected to outer space this is both
fascinating and eerie and number one
remote control for the brain there is
one all but still amusing scientific
fact you probably didn't know about in
1923 scientists learned to control the
brains neurons which allowed them to
control movements and manipulate
emotions and feelings it sounds kind of
dark right and that's not all the first
ever subject of such horrifying
experiments was an angry bull that was
forced to calm down instantly just by
pressing a specific button on a remote
control no that's not a lot of bull it
actually worked
proving the success of this invention
luckily scientists drew the line there
and didn't conduct any experiments on
people but just the thought of all the
secret potential of such studies blows
our minds total domination in its purest
form so which one of these discoveries
worried you the most tell us in the
comment section below don't forget to
hit the like button and share this video
with your friends subscribe to our
channel to see more informative and fun
videos and stay on the bright side of
life with us until next time